[Music]
hello for a few days have reached us
Increased comments on what our videos
can no longer be seen mobile
Of course, that's not all
right
the way people get in touch with us
which is not synonymous sign up
people with us who are because they are
read to others that it does not work
The only problem is that the spectators are present
which are not the comments of the
where it does not work
Unfortunately, we can not quite do it here
understand because with android
It is mobile phones and tablets
no problem even video synonymous
to see over the device
that's what we have here and that you can do with it
Of course also dirt tested as the
first rumored tasks and that
also works absolutely without problems
Negative messages were probably only from the
iphone users or ipad users but
as I said, we also have each
lots of comments from such users
get those who are so far here
ours please contact the users
they are written to us exactly
on how they did it so under
which configuration goes s which
iphone and what app or do you have
namely quite normal web browser
but they use a different web
browser installed it looks like
if only the standard app is not
works so if possible write
she or so comment or just
a video answer for such problems
will probably also in the future
We get it from others
other youtube the same thing
have that problem since from today on
nothing left tomorrow
maybe it helps the one or
other users though if you
any apps please do not name any
paid apps i guess
that would hardly make sense to the people
recommend that for a few
youtube videos also spend money
we are curious and say first
Thank you, I hope you get something
[Music]